docs: revise CONTRIBUTING (#414)
stjude-rust-labs/wdl: CONTRIBUTING.md

We also appreciate feedback on our documentation. Feel free to look over any of our `*.md` files and note any issues you find. You can also explore our lint rule documentation by [installing `sprocket`](https://stjude-rust-labs.github.io/sprocket/installation.html) and reading the output of `sprocket explain`. (n.b.: we hope to replace `sprocket explain` with a website where each rule will have a dedicated page, but that has not been realized yet)

> ### Your first code contribution

Reviewer: this should come before "I don't want to write code". It seems more important

Author: I think it's important to ensure that non-developers understand their contributions are welcome, which is part of the reason why I put it first. I think the developers can easily get to the next section, but the non-code information isn't irrelevant for them either.

Reviewer: ok. That's good reasoning 👍

We encourage you to reach out to the core team prior to writing up a pull request. **This is to ensure there isn't any wasted effort or duplication of work caused by miscommunication. Failure to do so may result in the rejection of the pull request.** You can get in touch with us via the [issues][issues] or hop over to the [discussions](https://github.com/stjude-rust-labs/wdl/discussions). We are also active on the [openwdl Slack workspace](https://openwdl.slack.com). (Discussion about this repo best belongs in the #sprocket channel 😃)

We encourage contributors to comment on open issues that they intend to work on to help avoid duplication of effort. However, we will not assign issues to external contributors. If two PRs are received for the same issue, no guarantees are made as to which will be accepted and merged.

### Review Policy

> Our pull request template has an extensive checklist that must be completed prior to review. Our policy is that any PRs submitted with an incomplete checklist will not be reviewed. Part of this checklist includes ensuring that our CI checks pass. Additional guidance for satisfying the CI checks can be found in this document.

Reviewer 2: Can we link to the heading with this guidance?

Note that the maintainers reserve the right to close any submission without review for any reason.

## FAQs

### Can I use Artificial Intelligence (AI)?

> We do not welcome AI contributions from external contributors. Any submissions deemed to be AI-generated from external contributors will be closed without review.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We have found that AI, while helpful in some contexts, causes more confusion and work for all parties involved when interacting with a large, complex codebase such as the `wdl` family of crates. To that end, no PRs including AI-generated content—whether that be generated code, generated documentation, generated discussion via GitHub comments, or other AI generated content—will be accepted from external contributors. Any submissions deemed to be AI-generated from external contributors will be closed without review.
```

Reviewer 2: This would also need to be followed up with a checklist item that states, effectively, "if I'm an external contributor, I did not use AI on any parts of this PR (link to this paragraph)".

Reviewer 2: I unresolved this simply because I had another comment that I added in-between when you resolved it.

Reviewer: > Or, actually, maybe we should just make them check off that they're read the entire `CONTRIBUTING.md` to make sure everything is covered.

I think I'd be in favor of adding _both_ of these to the checklist. They both seem reasonable to require from external contributors (even if they are technically redundant of each other)

Author: Added both to both checklists and placed them at the top. I also removed the items for assignee and reviewers, now that the CI check is in place.

We also appreciate feedback on our documentation. Feel free to look over any of our `*.md` files and note any issues you find. You can also explore our lint rule documentation by [installing `sprocket`](https://stjude-rust-labs.github.io/sprocket/installation.html) and reading the output of `sprocket explain`. (n.b.: we hope to replace `sprocket explain` with a website where each rule will have a dedicated page, but that has not been realized yet).

> The maintainers reserve the right to close issues and discussions as deemed necessary as well as to delete comments and interactions within the repository.

Reviewer: I like this sentence, but it should be moved somewhere else. It doesn't make sense under this header

Author: I put it here because the preceding paragraphs describe opening issues and discussions.

Reviewer: Good point. That made me step back, and I think that the bug report paragraph might also belong on a different header than "I don't want to write code...". The bug report instructions are just applicable to anyone reading this document, and so is this sentence I've highlighted.

Author: To me, these are all of the non-code contribution methods: discussions, bug reports, and documentation feedback. The general instructions for a bug report are also in the bug report template in #415. I think those serve distinct purposes. This document is to guide people on the methods for contributing. The template is to facilitate helpful error reporting. I think plenty of people would jump straight to filing an issue if they find a problem without reading the CONTRIBUTING guide. However for new people coming to the project and wondering how to contribute, this outlines the various ways to get involved.

Author: Rust has a very concise contributing guide that mostly links to other documents: https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md. Rails takes a more verbose approach to outlining different contribution types: https://github.com/rails/rails/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md.

Author: Python's isn't on GitHub, but has a lot of information: https://devguide.python.org/#contributing

- Feature requests are welcome and go [here](https://github.com/stjude-rust-labs/wdl/discussions/categories/feature-requests)
- Lint rule proposals go [here](https://github.com/stjude-rust-labs/wdl/discussions/categories/rule-proposals)

> ## How can I start contributing?

Reviewer: This is still phrased as a question, which suggests to me it can probably stay under the `FAQs` header

Author: To me, it seems like the information on how to contribute is the main point of the document. Then we have a list of frequent questions related to contribution. I suppose we could remove the question phrasing of this section.

Reviewer: True. I'm fine with that. I think the question phrasing is ok to have outside FAQs

### I don't want to write code, can I still contribute?

Sure!

You can always open a [discussion](https://github.com/stjude-rust-labs/wdl/discussions/categories/rule-proposals) with a proposal for a new lint rule or other enhancement as well contributing to any open discussions. Ensure that you provide a clear and concise title and description of the desired addition. For lint rules in particular, WDL examples and/or links to the relevant portion of the WDL spec are extremely useful.

> We also welcome bug reports. If you discover a flaw in our codebase, please review the list of open issues to ensure that it is not a duplicate. Please also attempt to debug the issue locally and ensure that it is not a configuration issue. Once you have done both, please file a new issue providing the relevant information in the issue. Please provide the exact steps to reproduce the problem, specific example(s) that demonstrate the steps, and the behavior you observe as well as the behavior you expected to observe. Screenshots and/or GIFs are welcome ways to provide additional information to maintainers.

Reviewer: > please file a new issue providing the relevant information in the issue. Please provide the exact steps to reproduce the problem, specific example(s) that demonstrate the steps, and the behavior you observe as well as the behavior you expected to observe

this feels more appropriate for an issue template than in the contributing guide

> We also welcome bug reports. If you discover a flaw in our codebase, please review the list of open issues to ensure that it is not a duplicate. Please also attempt to debug the issue locally and ensure that it is not a configuration issue. Once you have done both, please file a new issue providing the relevant information in the issue. Please provide the exact steps to reproduce the problem, specific example(s) that demonstrate the steps, and the behavior you observe as well as the behavior you expected to observe. Screenshots and/or GIFs are welcome ways to provide additional information to maintainers.

Author: I generally agree. I wrote it before adding the templates PR. That said, I'm not sure it's problematic to repeat it here. Maybe if it is written twice, it'll actually get read at least once?

> We also welcome bug reports. If you discover a flaw in our codebase, please review the list of open issues to ensure that it is not a duplicate. Please also attempt to debug the issue locally and ensure that it is not a configuration issue. Once you have done both, please file a new issue providing the relevant information in the issue. Please provide the exact steps to reproduce the problem, specific example(s) that demonstrate the steps, and the behavior you observe as well as the behavior you expected to observe. Screenshots and/or GIFs are welcome ways to provide additional information to maintainers.

Reviewer: lol fair point. I'm  fine with keeping it then

We also appreciate feedback on our documentation. Feel free to look over any of our `*.md` files and note any issues you find. You can also explore our lint rule documentation by [installing `sprocket`](https://stjude-rust-labs.github.io/sprocket/installation.html) and reading the output of `sprocket explain`. (n.b.: we hope to replace `sprocket explain` with a website where each rule will have a dedicated page, but that has not been realized yet)

### Your first code contribution

We encourage you to reach out to the core team prior to writing up a pull request. This is to ensure there isn't any wasted effort or duplication of work caused by miscommunication. You can get in touch with us via the [issues][issues] or hop over to the [discussions](https://github.com/stjude-rust-labs/wdl/discussions). We are also active on the [openwdl Slack workspace](https://openwdl.slack.com). (Discussion about this repo best belongs in the #sprocket channel 😃)

> We encourage contributors to comment on open issues that they intend to work on to help avoid duplication of effort. However, we will not assign issues to external contributors. If two PRs are received for the same issue, no guarantees are made as to which will be accepted and merged.

Reviewer: just commenting to say I like this 👍

Reviewer 2: I think I would maybe tweak this.

```suggestion
We encourage contributors to comment on open issues that they intend to work on to help avoid duplication of effort. If multiple individuals are interested in solving the same issue, we recommend reaching out to one another to gauge if there is potential for a collaboration.

That being said, we will not assign issues to external contributors, and commenting on an issue does not guarantee exclusive rights to work on that issue. If multiple PRs are received for the same issue, the PR that (a) most thoroughly addresses the problem being solved and (b) has the best implementation by judgement of the St. Jude Rust Labs team will be accepted in favor of the other submitted PRs.
```

### Review Policy

Our pull request template has an extensive checklist that must be completed prior to review. Our policy is that any PRs submitted with an incomplete checklist will not be reviewed. Part of this checklist includes ensuring that our CI checks pass. Additional guidance for satisfying the CI checks can be found in this document.

Note that the maintainers reserve the right to close any submission without review for any reason.

## FAQs

> ### Artificial Intelligence (AI)

Reviewer: nit: this is under FAQs but is not a question
